# CURRYING

## _Introduction_
Currying simply means evaluating functions with multiple arguments and decomposing them into a sequence of functions with a single argument.

In other terms, currying is when a function — instead of taking all arguments at one time — takes the first one and returns a new function, which takes the second one and returns a new function, which takes the third one, etc. until all arguments are completed.

## Why should I use currying?
There are several reasons why currying is ideal:

- Currying is a checking method to make sure that you get everything you need before you proceed
- It helps you to avoid passing the same variable again and again
- It divides your function into multiple smaller functions that can handle one responsibility. This makes your function pure and less prone to errors and side effects
- It is used in functional programming to create a higher-order function
- This could be personal preference, but I love that it makes my code readable

## How does currying work?
Currying is a function that accepts multiple arguments. It will transform this function into a series of functions, where every little function will accept one argument:

```
// Noncurried version
const add = (a, b, c)=>{
    return a+ b + c
}
console.log(add(2, 3, 5)) // 10

// Curried version
const addCurry =(a) => {
    return (b)=>{
        return (c)=>{
            return a+b+c
        }
    }
}
console.log(addCurry(2)(3)(5)) // 10
```

Currying in Javascript may be a little bit tricky to understand in terms of its definition, but it will become clear as we implement it.

